Super horror brainrot game 😨
Game type: Story game, max 4 players.
Main gameplay loop: 
Players buy brainrots walking in a straight line and bring back to base gain moni to buy more brainrots, upgrading their base and rebirth.
Npc bases spawn randomly to steal your brainrot
As the game progress, spooky scari thing will happen, reveal some lore
Final boss fight in the end i think

Game lore:
Some hecker injected weird prompts into a brainrot generators that made it malfunctioned and fuck up the brainrots, creating creepy, spooky, violent brainrots.
When playing the game, players noticed weird looking brainrots that jumpscared and got violent at them, the map were also glitching and sometimes turned into a completely different map that looked spooki.
Npc bases were glitching and npcs also turned into weird figures that were violent.
After rebirthing the ?rd time, players discovered a bugged part of the map and upon interacting, they got teleported into the source code of the ai.
*Ending 1*
Players along side with Tung went through random shit, beat the hecker boss and finally fixed the prompt and returned to playing the brainrot game normally.
*Ending 2*
After beating hecker, player can choose to betray Tung and the brainrots. Beat the brainrots and destroy the ai and the game, finally escaping the brainrots matrix.
*Super Secret Ending*
Uh no idea atm.


Chapter 1: Original game part
(~ 45 minutes -> 1 hour)

Player goal: Successfully rebirth 4 times without dying and defeat the corrupted brainrot boss (3 lives per player, reset each rebirth) 


Players spawn inside an average brainrot map.
Everyone together claim a single base like in tycoon, a quick tutorial play and start collecting brainrots.

After a couple of minutes, npc bases will spawn and try to steal your brain rot, the number will scale with player count.

The amount of dangers, anomalies, spookiness will increase as the rebirth number increase.

Shop: sell weapons, ultilities.

After 4 rebirths a big boss brainrot will spawn, and upon defeating will spawn a portal to the ai source code.

Specific Anomalies:
+ Glitch orb: If not reported in a specific amount of time it will damage all players in map, orbs will spawn shadow figures to fight players
+ Corrupted brainrot: Run toward you if you get close to it and jump scare + damages player (Dodgable)
+ Giant head: Hide in base for 5 seconds for it to go away or die.
+ Glitched player: Massive hp and stand in front of your base, if you dont kill him in time he will start running and damaging players



Chapter 2: Inside ai source code
(~ 1 hour -> 1.5 hour)

Player goal: Fix the prompt or Destroy the game

Players go through several different areas to fix the prompt and in the last area, player can decide to completely fix it or betray the brainrots and destroy the game.

Area 1: Architecture and Algorithms
A maze puzzle that has lots of parkour elements.

Area 2: Parameters
Tunnels with lots of traps, enemies.

Area 3: Mathematical Functions
Big house that has puzzles that contain keys for the final area. 

Area 3: Final Boss
Cool boss fight -> Win and fix prompt -> Ending 1
Get the option to betray the brainrots after defeating the boss, another fight against brainrots if you choose to go for that route. -> Ending 2
